my max is a golden venice on the busy
Saturday with living legend and 2013
lifetime achievement of all risk
aspiring how are you man doing great i'm
here at the Gold's Gym in Venice
promoting my new product super pump
three point out I'm actually getting
beta testers right now trying out the
product and seeing how they like it so
far it's been great I know if you people
love the product it's really cool people
actually get the chance to meet you
everybody wants to take pictures cuz
they get to try to bring you product
they go work out and on the way out you
actually catching them and to see their
feedback that's like on the ground floor
man you can't have your weight I just
want to do I want to do things different
with the company and marketing this is
like people real people telling me how
they like my dick isn't getting more
real to that yeah so listen I want to
see congratulation also on signing
branch Warren I know you guys have been
good friends for years you would suppose
actually to be signing with you years I
got a five year five years ago and that
didn't work out but finally he's with
you and he's going back to the animal
try to reclaim his title and very very
exciting solid Ronnie jack and a couple
weeks ago he says he looks unbelievable
you must know you know what branch to me
you know he empties a guy that works
really hard he represents like true
hardcore bodybuilding was something that
I when I competed feeling very similar
for minor his era so I think there's a
great fit for the brand absolutely
that's awesome so how long will you be
can't in California we're here for the
day basically doing this at the Golgi
emeka and I'm back to New Jersey oh
that's it okay okay so what's next for
you are no plastic obviously we got the
Arnold Classic then I go to Melbourne
Australia for the Australian pro at the
college or the whole tour of Australia
New Zealand with French how long have
you staying there and there for about
two weeks oh nice I'll be good to join
pony Doherty and all these guys on the
Royals got this really well we're gonna
make sure to go stop by did you get
spare you're gonna have sampled at the
three
we will have samples of the gaspari of
super pump free porno at the booth
credit here on him so check it out get
your simple and get to try all right I
thanks big rich let me see you man